hi this is coach Mills with Dida's
varsity rugby today what we're going to
demonstrate is the cat bat rat drill if
you look behind me what we have is we
have three stations this cat stands for
contested at the tackle which is the
rook that you're most likely to see
inside any rugby game to the back here
we have what's called rat which is
retreating at the tackle okay and this
is the case when you're getting driven
backwards inside your own 22 and then in
front we have what's called back which
is ball available at transfer well
you're going to see as the players are
going to rotate these through quite very
quickly multiple phases you're going to
see that the first forward is going to
take the ruck and at the cat and the
first back is going to take the rock and
then we're going to try and shuffle the
ball out as quickly as we can we'll
summarize it after we're done with the
drill so go ahead and joy these guys
while they run this here
next group charging as you see
throughout each sequence the coach will
call which direction he wants the
players to go and they'll work through
multiple phases so here weekend we're
going to see cat which is contested at
the tackle cut you notice the toys will
drive over the rock to the inside back
they get channel ball to the inside
break down then back out to the box
quickly transfer our next we'll be right
right this is we're treating at the
tackle we put all the available forwards
in to try and win the rock and then our
first receiver will try and clear to
touch and finally we have back but this
is ball available to transfer this is a
fast quick ball we try to go through
away as quickly as possible
so there you have our cat bat rat drill
we use this almost every day it's great
job for getting guys to transition in
the contest the tackle contest area we
can see it in multiple phases it's live
so we have contact this is coach Mills
for Eagles rug